add extraAnnotation and addLocal options (#982)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.x/en/installation/ha/helm-rancher/chart-options/_index.md

Set the `auditLog.destination` to `hostPath` to forward logs to volume shared with the host system instead of streaming to a sidecar container. When setting the destination to `hostPath` you may want to adjust the other auditLog parameters for log rotation.

### Import "local" Cluster

> By default Rancher server will detect and import the "local" cluster its running on.  User with access to the "local" cluster will essentially have "root" access to all the clusters managed by Rancher server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Rancher server will detect and import the "local" cluster it's running on.  Users with access to the "local" cluster will essentially have "root" access to all the clusters managed by Rancher server.
```
